README ($Id: README,v 1.2 2001/02/10 21:25:44 jojo Exp $)
======

Welcome! This is storm, the chaos kernel. It is nice that you want to
find out what this is all about. We hope you won't be too
disappointed, even though it is work in progress (implying the fact
that some features may remain to be seen). However, most of it is
working just like a charm, and we are working as hard as we can on the
rest of the system. Check out our web site for more information about
what we're up to.

If something seems to be wrong (we're mainly talking about compilation
stuff here; we know the kernel has some unresolved issues elsewhere),
please don't hesitate to contact us. More information about this
below.

Anyway, this directory contains one directory for each CPU family
storm has been ported to. For now, only ia32 is available (This is not
because we dislike other architectures, but because we didn't have any
other hardware available to program for. You are very welcome to port
the kernel to a new platform. Please send E-mail to
chaos-devel@lists.chaosdev.org and we will help you around as good as
we can)

Other than that, don't be afraid to generally hack around. The source
code has been kept as readable as possible, we hope. Still, things may
be unclear. Especially things we've added recently might be somewhat
undocumented. Please don't be afraid to ask us if something seems
strange, weird or just plain broken.

If you feel like helping us out, the kernel may, or may not be the
best thing you can do, depending on your skills and/or personal
preferences.  In the future, there will probably be a task list on our
web. For now, join our mailing list and ask what can be done. More
information about the mailing lists can be found at our web:
http://www.chaosdev.org/

-- Per Lundberg <plundis@chaosdev.org>  Sun, 22 Oct 2000 17:13:54 +0200