.TH "cpu_register_cr4_t" 3 "29 Jul 2004" "Systemenviroment" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cpu_register_cr4_t \- Structure of system register CR4.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <cr4.h>\fP
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBVME\fP: 1"
.br
.RI "\fIVME Virtual-8086 Mode Extensions (bit 0 of CR4). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBPVI\fP: 1"
.br
.RI "\fIPVI Protected-Mode Virtual Interrupts (bit 1 of CR4). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBTSD\fP: 1"
.br
.RI "\fITSD Time Stamp Disable (bit 2 of CR4). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBDE\fP: 1"
.br
.RI "\fIDE Debugging Extensions (bit 3 of CR4). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBPSE\fP: 1"
.br
.RI "\fIPSE Page Size Extensions (bit 4 of CR4). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBPAE\fP: 1"
.br
.RI "\fIPAE Physical Address Extension (bit 5 of CR4). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBMCE\fP: 1"
.br
.RI "\fIMCE Machine-Check Enable (bit 6 of CR4). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBPGE\fP: 1"
.br
.RI "\fIPGE Page Global Enable (bit 7 of CR4). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBPCE\fP: 1"
.br
.RI "\fIPCE Performance-Monitoring Counter Enable (bit 8 of CR4). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBOSFXSR\fP: 1"
.br
.RI "\fIOSFXSR Operating Sytsem FXSAVE/FXRSTOR Support (bit 9 of CR4). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBOSXMMEXCPT\fP: 1"
.br
.RI "\fIOSXMMEXCPT Operating System Unmasked Exception Support (bit 10 of CR4). \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Structure of system register CR4. 

Contains a group of flags that enable several architectural extensions, as well as indicating the level of OS support for the Streaming SIMD Extensions. 
.PP
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBcpu_register_cr4_t::VME\fP"
.PP
VME Virtual-8086 Mode Extensions (bit 0 of CR4). Enables interrupt- and exception-handling extensions in virtual-8086 mode when set; disables the extensions when clear. Use of the virtual mode extensions can improve the performance of virtual-8086 applications by eliminating the overhead of calling the virtual-8086 monitor to handle interrupts and exceptions that occur while executing an 8086 program and, instead, redirecting the interrupts and exceptions back to the 8086 program's handlers. It also provides hardware support for a virtual interrupt flag (VIF) to improve reliability of running 8086 programs in multitasking and multiple-processor environments. Refer to Section 16.3., 'Interrupt and Exception Handling in Virtual-8086 Mode' in Chapter 16, 8086 Emulation for detailed information about the use of this feature. 
.SS "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBcpu_register_cr4_t::PVI\fP"
.PP
PVI Protected-Mode Virtual Interrupts (bit 1 of CR4). Enables hardware support for a virtual interrupt flag (VIF) in protected mode when set; disables the VIF flag in protected mode when clear. Refer to Section 16.4., 'Protected-Mode Virtual Interrupts' in Chapter 16, 8086 Emulation for detailed information about the use of this feature. 
.SS "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBcpu_register_cr4_t::TSD\fP"
.PP
TSD Time Stamp Disable (bit 2 of CR4). Restricts the execution of the RDTSC instruction to procedures running at privilege level 0 when set; allows RDTSC instruction to be executed at any privilege level when clear. 
.SS "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBcpu_register_cr4_t::DE\fP"
.PP
DE Debugging Extensions (bit 3 of CR4). References to debug registers DR4 and DR5 cause an undefined opcode (#UD) exception to be generated when set; when clear, processor aliases references to registers DR4 and DR5 for compatibility with software written to run on earlier Intel Architecture processors. Refer to Section 15.2.2., 'Debug Registers DR4 and DR5', in Chapter 15, Debugging and Performance Monitoring, for more information on the function of this flag. 
.SS "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBcpu_register_cr4_t::PSE\fP"
.PP
PSE Page Size Extensions (bit 4 of CR4). Enables 4-MByte pages when set; restricts pages to 4 KBytes when clear. Refer to Section 3.6.1., 'Paging Options' in Chapter 3, Protected-Mode Memory Management for more information about the use of this flag. 
.SS "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBcpu_register_cr4_t::PAE\fP"
.PP
PAE Physical Address Extension (bit 5 of CR4). Enables paging mechanism to reference 36-bit physical addresses when set; restricts physical addresses to 32 bits when clear. Refer to Section 3.8., 'Physical Address Extension' in Chapter 3, Protected-Mode Memory Management for more information about the physical address extension. 
.SS "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBcpu_register_cr4_t::MCE\fP"
.PP
MCE Machine-Check Enable (bit 6 of CR4). Enables the machine-check exception when set; disables the machine-check exception when clear. Refer to Chapter 13, Machine-Check Architecture, for more information about the machine-check exception and machine-check architecture. 
.SS "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBcpu_register_cr4_t::PGE\fP"
.PP
PGE Page Global Enable (bit 7 of CR4). (Introduced in the P6 family processors.) Enables the global page feature when set; disables the global page feature when clear. The global page feature allows frequently used or shared pages to be marked as global to all users (done with the global flag, bit 8, in a page-directory or page-table entry). Global pages are not flushed from the translation-lookaside buffer (TLB) on a task switch or a write to register CR3. In addition, the bit must not be enabled before paging is enabled via CR0.PG. Program correctness may be affected by reversing this sequence, and processor performance will be impacted. Refer to Section 3.7., 'Translation Lookaside Buffers (TLBs)' in Chapter 3, Protected-Mode Memory Management for more information on the use of this bit. 
.SS "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBcpu_register_cr4_t::PCE\fP"
.PP
PCE Performance-Monitoring Counter Enable (bit 8 of CR4). Enables execution of the RDPMC instruction for programs or procedures running at any protection level when set; RDPMC instruction can be executed only at protection level 0 when clear. 
.SS "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBcpu_register_cr4_t::OSFXSR\fP"
.PP
OSFXSR Operating Sytsem FXSAVE/FXRSTOR Support (bit 9 of CR4). The operating system will set this bit if both the CPU and the OS support the use of FXSAVE/FXRSTOR for use during context switches. 
.SS "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBcpu_register_cr4_t::OSXMMEXCPT\fP"
.PP
OSXMMEXCPT Operating System Unmasked Exception Support (bit 10 of CR4). The operating system will set this bit if it provides support for unmasked SIMD floating-point exceptions. 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Systemenviroment from the source code.
