.TH "cpu_register_cr3_t" 3 "29 Jul 2004" "Systemenviroment" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cpu_register_cr3_t \- Structure of system register CR3.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <cr3.h>\fP
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBwrites_transparent\fP: 1"
.br
.RI "\fIPWT Page-level Writes Transparent (bit 3 of CR3). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBcache_disable\fP: 1"
.br
.RI "\fIPCD Page-level Cache Disable (bit 4 of CR3). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBpage_directory_base\fP: 20"
.br
.RI "\fIPage-directory base address. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Structure of system register CR3. 

Contains the physical address of the base of the page directory and two flags (PCD and PWT). This register is also known as the page-directory base register (PDBR). Only the 20 most-significant bits of the page-directory base address are specified; the lower 12 bits of the address are assumed to be 0. The page directory must thus be aligned to a page (4-KByte) boundary. The PCD and PWT flags control caching of the page directory in the processor's internal data caches (they do not control TLB caching of page-directory information). When using the physical address extension, the CR3 register contains the base address of the page-directory-pointer table (refer to Section 3.8., 'Physical Address Extension' in Chapter 3, Protected-Mode Memory Management). 
.PP
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBcpu_register_cr3_t::writes_transparent\fP"
.PP
PWT Page-level Writes Transparent (bit 3 of CR3). Controls the write-through or writeback caching policy of the current page directory. When the PWT flag is set, writethrough caching is enabled; when the flag is clear, write-back caching is enabled. This flag affects only the internal caches (both L1 and L2, when present). The processor ignores this flag if paging is not used (the PG flag in register CR0 is clear) or the CD (cache disable) flag in CR0 is set. Refer to Section 9.5., 'Cache Control', in Chapter 9, Memory Cache Control, for more information about the use of this flag. Refer to Section 3.6.4., 'Page-Directory and Page-Table Entries' in Chapter 3, Protected-Mode Memory Management for a description of a companion PCD flag in the page-directory and page-table entries. 
.SS "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBcpu_register_cr3_t::cache_disable\fP"
.PP
PCD Page-level Cache Disable (bit 4 of CR3). Controls caching of the current page directory. When the PCD flag is set, caching of the page-directory is prevented; when the flag is clear, the page-directory can be cached. This flag affects only the processor's internal caches (both L1 and L2, when present). The processor ignores this flag if paging is not used (the PG flag in register CR0 is clear) or the CD (cache disable) flag in CR0 is set. Refer to Chapter 9, Memory Cache Control, for more information about the use of this flag. Refer to Section 3.6.4., 'Page-Directory and Page-Table Entries' in Chapter 3, Protected-Mode Memory Management for a description of a companion PCD flag in the page-directory and page-table entries. 
.SS "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBcpu_register_cr3_t::page_directory_base\fP"
.PP
Page-directory base address. Only the 20 most-significant bits of the page-directory base address are specified; the lower 12 bits of the address are assumed to be 0. The page directory must thus be aligned to a page (4-KByte) boundary. 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Systemenviroment from the source code.
