.TH "cpuid.h" 3 "29 Jul 2004" "Systemenviroment" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cpuid.h \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBVENDOR_STRING_LENGTH\fP   (12)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBVENDOR_UNKNOWN_STRING\fP   '------------'"
.br
.RI "\fIHardcoded string of unknown CPU's vendor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBVENDOR_AMD_STRING\fP   'AuthenticAMD'"
.br
.RI "\fIHardcoded string of AMD. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBVENDOR_INTEL_STRING\fP   'GenuineIntel'"
.br
.RI "\fIHardcoded string of Intel. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBVENDOR_CYRIX_STRING\fP   'CyrixInstead'"
.br
.RI "\fIHardcoded string of Cyrix. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBVENDOR_CENTAUR_STRING\fP   'CentaurHauls'"
.br
.RI "\fIHardcoded string of Centaur. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBVENDOR_UMC_STRING\fP   'UMC UMC UMC '"
.br
.RI "\fIHardcoded string of UMC. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBVENDOR_NEXGEN_STRING\fP   'NexGenDriven'"
.br
.RI "\fIHardcoded string of NexGen. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBVENDOR_RISETECHNOLOGY_STRING\fP   'RiseRiseRise'"
.br
.RI "\fIHardcoded string of Rise Technology. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBVENDOR_TRANSMETA_STRING\fP   'GenuineTMx86'"
.br
.RI "\fIHardcoded string of Transmeta. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Enumerations"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBcpu_id_command_t\fP { \fBGET_CPU_VENDOR\fP =  0, \fBGET_CPU_INFO\fP =  1, \fBCHECK_AMD_FEATURES\fP =  0x80000000, \fBGET_AMD_FEATURES\fP =  0x80000001, \fBGET_AMD_CPU_STRING_1\fP =  0x80000002, \fBGET_AMD_CPU_STRING_2\fP =  0x80000003, \fBGET_AMD_CPU_STRING_3\fP =  0x80000004, \fBGET_AMD_CACHE_L1_INFO\fP =  0x80000005, \fBGET_AMD_CACHE_L2_INFO\fP =  0x80000006, \fBGET_AMD_ADVANCED_POWER_MENEGMENT_FEATURES\fP =  0x80000007, \fBGET_AMD_ADDRESS_SIZES\fP =  0x80000008 }"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Enumeration Type Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "enum \fBcpu_id_command_t\fP"
.PP
// end of group_cpuid_vendor_strings 
.PP
\fBEnumeration values: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIGET_CPU_VENDOR \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fIGET_CPU_INFO \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fICHECK_AMD_FEATURES \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fIGET_AMD_FEATURES \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fIGET_AMD_CPU_STRING_1 \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fIGET_AMD_CPU_STRING_2 \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fIGET_AMD_CPU_STRING_3 \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fIGET_AMD_CACHE_L1_INFO \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fIGET_AMD_CACHE_L2_INFO \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fIGET_AMD_ADVANCED_POWER_MENEGMENT_FEATURES \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fIGET_AMD_ADDRESS_SIZES \fP\fP

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Systemenviroment from the source code.
