.TH "Exception classifications" 3 "29 Jul 2004" "Systemenviroment" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Exception classifications \- Exceptions are classified as faults, traps, or aborts depending on the way they are reported and whether the instruction that caused the exception can be restarted with no loss of program or task continuity.  
More...
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBEXCEPTION_CLASS_FAULT\fP   (1)"
.br
.RI "\fIA fault is an exception that can generally be corrected and that, once corrected, allows the program to be restarted with no loss of continuity. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBEXCEPTION_CLASS_TRAP\fP   (2)"
.br
.RI "\fIA trap is an exception that is reported immediately following the execution of the trapping instruction. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBEXCEPTION_CLASS_ABORT\fP   (3)"
.br
.RI "\fIAn abort is an exception that does not always report the precise location of the instruction causing the exception and does not allow restart of the program or task that caused the exception. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Exceptions are classified as faults, traps, or aborts depending on the way they are reported and whether the instruction that caused the exception can be restarted with no loss of program or task continuity. 
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define EXCEPTION_CLASS_FAULT   (1)"
.PP
A fault is an exception that can generally be corrected and that, once corrected, allows the program to be restarted with no loss of continuity. When a fault is reported, the processor restores the machine state to the state prior to the beginning of execution of the faulting instruction. The return address (saved contents of the CS and EIP registers) for the fault handler points to the faulting instruction, rather than the instruction following the faulting instruction.
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
There are a small subset of exceptions that are normally reported as faults, but under architectural corner cases, they are not restartable and some processor context will be lost. An example of these cases is the execution of the POPAD instruction where the stack frame crosses over the end of the stack segment. The exception handler will see that the CS:EIP has been restored as if the POPAD instruction had not executed however internal processor state (general purpose registers) will have been modified. These corner cases are INTERRUPT AND EXCEPTION HANDLING considered programming errors and an application causeing this class of exceptions will likely be terminated by the operating system. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "#define EXCEPTION_CLASS_TRAP   (2)"
.PP
A trap is an exception that is reported immediately following the execution of the trapping instruction. Traps allow execution of a program or task to be continued without loss of program continuity. The return address for the trap handler points to the instruction to be executed after the trapping instruction. 
.SS "#define EXCEPTION_CLASS_ABORT   (3)"
.PP
An abort is an exception that does not always report the precise location of the instruction causing the exception and does not allow restart of the program or task that caused the exception. Aborts are used to report severe errors, such as hardware errors and inconsistent or illegal values in system tables. 
