.TH "CR0 register" 3 "29 Jul 2004" "Systemenviroment" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
CR0 register \- CR0 register.  
More...
.SS "Data Structures"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBcpu_register_cr0_t\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStructure of system register CR0. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBCPU_CR0_PE\fP   (\fBBIT_VALUE\fP (0))"
.br
.RI "\fIPE Protection Enable (bit 0 of CR0). Protected mode flag. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBCPU_CR0_MP\fP   (\fBBIT_VALUE\fP (1))"
.br
.RI "\fIMP Monitor Coprocessor (bit 1 of CR0). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBCPU_CR0_EM\fP   (\fBBIT_VALUE\fP (2))"
.br
.RI "\fIEM Emulation (bit 2 of CR0). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBCPU_CR0_TS\fP   (\fBBIT_VALUE\fP (3))"
.br
.RI "\fITS Task Switched (bit 3 of CR0). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBCPU_CR0_ET\fP   (\fBBIT_VALUE\fP (4))"
.br
.RI "\fIET Extension Type (bit 4 of CR0). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBCPU_CR0_NE\fP   (\fBBIT_VALUE\fP (5))"
.br
.RI "\fINE Numeric Error (bit 5 of CR0). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBCPU_CR0_WP\fP   (\fBBIT_VALUE\fP (16))"
.br
.RI "\fIWP Write Protect (bit 16 of CR0). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBCPU_CR0_AM\fP   (\fBBIT_VALUE\fP (18))"
.br
.RI "\fIAM Alignment Mask (bit 18 of CR0). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBCPU_CR0_NW\fP   (\fBBIT_VALUE\fP (29))"
.br
.RI "\fINW Not Write-through (bit 29 of CR0). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBCPU_CR0_CD\fP   (\fBBIT_VALUE\fP (30))"
.br
.RI "\fICD Cache Disable (bit 30 of CR0). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBCPU_CR0_PG\fP   (\fBBIT_VALUE\fP (31))"
.br
.RI "\fIPG Paging (bit 31 of CR0). Paging enabled. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
CR0 register. 
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define CPU_CR0_PE   (\fBBIT_VALUE\fP (0))"
.PP
PE Protection Enable (bit 0 of CR0). Protected mode flag. \fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBcpu_register_cr0_t::PE\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "#define CPU_CR0_MP   (\fBBIT_VALUE\fP (1))"
.PP
MP Monitor Coprocessor (bit 1 of CR0). \fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBcpu_register_cr0_t::MP\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "#define CPU_CR0_EM   (\fBBIT_VALUE\fP (2))"
.PP
EM Emulation (bit 2 of CR0). \fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBcpu_register_cr0_t::EM\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "#define CPU_CR0_TS   (\fBBIT_VALUE\fP (3))"
.PP
TS Task Switched (bit 3 of CR0). \fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBcpu_register_cr0_t::TS\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "#define CPU_CR0_ET   (\fBBIT_VALUE\fP (4))"
.PP
ET Extension Type (bit 4 of CR0). \fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBcpu_register_cr0_t::ET\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "#define CPU_CR0_NE   (\fBBIT_VALUE\fP (5))"
.PP
NE Numeric Error (bit 5 of CR0). \fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBcpu_register_cr0_t::NE\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "#define CPU_CR0_WP   (\fBBIT_VALUE\fP (16))"
.PP
WP Write Protect (bit 16 of CR0). \fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBcpu_register_cr0_t::WP\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "#define CPU_CR0_AM   (\fBBIT_VALUE\fP (18))"
.PP
AM Alignment Mask (bit 18 of CR0). \fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBcpu_register_cr0_t::AM\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "#define CPU_CR0_NW   (\fBBIT_VALUE\fP (29))"
.PP
NW Not Write-through (bit 29 of CR0). \fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBcpu_register_cr0_t::NW\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "#define CPU_CR0_CD   (\fBBIT_VALUE\fP (30))"
.PP
CD Cache Disable (bit 30 of CR0). \fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBcpu_register_cr0_t::CD\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "#define CPU_CR0_PG   (\fBBIT_VALUE\fP (31))"
.PP
PG Paging (bit 31 of CR0). Paging enabled. \fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBcpu_register_cr0_t::PG\fP 
.RE
.PP

