.TH "Segment descriptors" 3 "29 Jul 2004" "Systemenviroment" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Segment descriptors \- Segment descriptors in x86 architecture.  
More...
.SS "Data Structures"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBdescriptor_t\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA descriptor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBgate_descriptor_t\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA gate descriptor. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBDESCRIPTOR_NULL\fP   0ULL"
.br
.RI "\fIEmpty descriptor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBDESCRIPTOR_CODE\fP(base, limit, granularity, dpl, present, digit)"
.br
.RI "\fIDescriptor of code segment. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Enumerations"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBprivilege_level_t\fP "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBdescriptor_type_t\fP { \fBDESCRIPTOR_TYPE_TASK_GATE_32\fP =  5, \fBDESCRIPTOR_TYPE_TSS\fP =  9, \fBDESCRIPTOR_TYPE_CALL_GATE\fP =  12, \fBDESCRIPTOR_TYPE_INTERRUPT_GATE_32\fP =  14, \fBDESCRIPTOR_TYPE_TRAP_GATE_32\fP =  15 }"
.br
.RI "\fIDescriptor types. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Segment descriptors in x86 architecture. 
.SH "Enumeration Type Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "enum \fBprivilege_level_t\fP"
.PP
attributes of descriptors 
.SS "enum \fBdescriptor_type_t\fP"
.PP
Descriptor types. 
.PP
\fBEnumeration values: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIDESCRIPTOR_TYPE_TASK_GATE_32 \fP\fP
A 32-bit task gate. 
.TP
\fB\fIDESCRIPTOR_TYPE_TSS \fP\fP
A TSS gate. 
.TP
\fB\fIDESCRIPTOR_TYPE_CALL_GATE \fP\fP
A call gate. 
.TP
\fB\fIDESCRIPTOR_TYPE_INTERRUPT_GATE_32 \fP\fP
A 32-bit interrupt gate. 
.TP
\fB\fIDESCRIPTOR_TYPE_TRAP_GATE_32 \fP\fP
A 32-bit trap gate. 

