.TH "page_directory_t" 3 "29 Jul 2004" "Systemenviroment" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
page_directory_t \- A page directory entry (PDE).  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <page_directory.h>\fP
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBpresent\fP: 1"
.br
.RI "\fIPresent (P) flag, bit 0. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBread_write\fP: 1"
.br
.RI "\fIRead/write (R/W) flag, bit 1. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBuser_supervisor\fP: 1"
.br
.RI "\fIUser/supervisor (U/S) flag, bit 2. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBwrite_through\fP: 1"
.br
.RI "\fIPage-level write-through (PWT) flag, bit 3. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBcache_disable\fP: 1"
.br
.RI "\fIPage-level cache disable (PCD) flag, bit 4. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBaccessed\fP: 1"
.br
.RI "\fIAccessed (A) flag, bit 5. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBzero\fP: 1"
.br
.RI "\fIReserved (set to 0), bit 6. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBpage_size\fP: 1"
.br
.RI "\fIPage size (PS) flag, bit 7. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBglobal\fP: 1"
.br
.RI "\fIGlobal (G) flag, bit 8. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBavailable\fP: 3"
.br
.RI "\fIAvailable for system programmer's use, bits 9..11. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBpage_table_base\fP: 20"
.br
.RI "\fIPage base address, bits 22..31. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
A page directory entry (PDE). 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBpage_directory_t::present\fP"
.PP
Present (P) flag, bit 0. Indicates whether the page or page table being pointed to by the entry is currently loaded in physical memory. When the flag is set, the page is in physical memory and address translation is carried out. When the flag is clear, the page is not in memory and, if the processor attempts to access the page, it generates a page-fault exception (#PF).
.br
 The processor does not set or clear this flag; it is up to the operating system or executive to maintain the state of the flag.
.br
 The bit must be set to 1 whenever extended physical addressing mode is enabled. If the processor generates a page-fault exception, the operating system must carry out the following operations in the order below: .PD 0

.IP "1." 4
Copy the page from disk storage into physical memory, if needed.  
.IP "2." 4
Load the page address into the page-table or page-directory entry and set its present flag. Other bits, such as the dirty and accessed flags, may also be set at this time.  
.IP "3." 4
Invalidate the current page-table entry in the TLB (refer to Section 3.7., 'Translation Lookaside Buffers (TLBs)' for a discussion of TLBs and how to invalidate them).  
.IP "4." 4
Return from the page-fault handler to restart the interrupted program or task.  
.PP

.SS "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBpage_directory_t::read_write\fP"
.PP
Read/write (R/W) flag, bit 1. Specifies the read-write privileges for a page or group of pages (in the case of a page-directory entry that points to a page table). When this flag is clear, the page is read only; when the flag is set, the page can be read and written into. This flag interacts with the U/S flag and the WP flag in register CR0. Refer to Section 4.11., 'Page-Level Protection' and Table 4-2 in Chapter 4, Protection for a detailed discussion of the use of these flags. 
.SS "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBpage_directory_t::user_supervisor\fP"
.PP
User/supervisor (U/S) flag, bit 2. Specifies the user-supervisor privileges for a page or group of pages (in the case of a page-directory entry that points to a page table). When this flag is clear, the page is assigned the supervisor privilege level; when the flag is set, the page is assigned the user privilege level. This flag interacts with the R/W flag and the WP flag in register CR0. Refer to Section 4.11., 'Page-Level Protection' and Table 4-2 in Chapter 4, Protection for a detail discussion of the use of these flags. 
.SS "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBpage_directory_t::write_through\fP"
.PP
Page-level write-through (PWT) flag, bit 3. Controls the write-through or write-back caching policy of individual pages or page tables. When the PWT flag is set, write-through caching is enabled for the associated page or page table; when the flag is clear, write-back caching is enabled for the associated page or page table. The processor ignores this flag if the CD (cache disable) flag in CR0 is set. Refer to Section 9.5., 'Cache Control', in Chapter 9, Memory Cache Control, for more information about the use of this flag. Refer to Section 2.5., 'Control Registers' in Chapter 2, System Architecture Overview for a description of a companion PWT flag in control register CR3. 
.SS "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBpage_directory_t::cache_disable\fP"
.PP
Page-level cache disable (PCD) flag, bit 4. Controls the caching of individual pages or page tables. When the PCD flag is set, caching of the associated page or page table is prevented; when the flag is clear, the page or page table can be cached. This flag permits caching to be disabled for pages that contain memory-mapped I/O ports or that do not provide a performance benefit when cached. The processor ignores this flag (assumes it is set) if the CD (cache disable) flag in CR0 is set. Refer to Chapter 9, Memory Cache Control, for more information about the use of this flag. Refer to Section 2.5. in Chapter 2, System Architecture Overview for a description of a companion PCD flag in control register CR3. 
.SS "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBpage_directory_t::accessed\fP"
.PP
Accessed (A) flag, bit 5. Indicates whether a page or page table has been accessed (read from or written to) when set. Memory management software typically clears this flag when a page or page table is initially loaded into physical memory. The processor then sets this flag the first time a page or page table is accessed. This flag is a 'sticky' flag, meaning that once set, the processor does not implicitly clear it. Only software can clear this flag. The accessed and dirty flags are provided for use by memory management software to manage the transfer of pages and page tables into and out of physical memory. 
.SS "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBpage_directory_t::page_size\fP"
.PP
Page size (PS) flag, bit 7. Should always be zero (4 KiB pages). 
.SS "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBpage_directory_t::global\fP"
.PP
Global (G) flag, bit 8. (Introduced in the Pentium R Pro processor.) Indicates a global page when set. When a page is marked global and the page global enable (PGE) flag in register CR4 is set, the page-table or page-directory entry for the page is not invalidated in the TLB when register CR3 is loaded or a task switch occurs. This flag is provided to prevent frequently used pages (such as pages that contain kernel or other operating system or executive code) from being flushed from the TLB. Only software can set or clear this flag. Refer to Section 3.7., 'Translation Lookaside Buffers (TLBs)' for more information about the use of this flag. (This bit is reserved in Pentium R and earlier Intel Architecture processors.) 
.SS "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBpage_directory_t::page_table_base\fP"
.PP
Page base address, bits 22..31. Specifies the physical address of the first byte of a page table. The bits in this field are interpreted as the 20 most-significant bits of the physical address, which forces page tables to be aligned on 4-KByte boundaries. 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Systemenviroment from the source code.
