.TH "page.h" 3 "29 Jul 2004" "Systemenviroment" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
page.h \- Page description and functions.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBPAGE_SIZE\fP   (0x1000U)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe size of a physical page. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBPAGE_BITS\fP   12"
.br
.RI "\fIThe number of bits of a page. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBPAGE_ADDRESS\fP(x)   ((x) << PAGE_BITS)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe address of page. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBPAGE_ALIGN_DOWN\fP(x)   ((void *) (((\fBuint32_t\fP) (x)) & 0xFFFFF000))"
.br
.RI "\fIRound address to nearest page. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBPAGE_NUMBER\fP(x)   ((\fBpage_number_t\fP) (((\fBaddress_t\fP) (x)) >> PAGE_BITS))"
.br
.RI "\fIThe page number of an address. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBPAGE_PRESENT\fP   \fBBIT_VALUE\fP (0)"
.br
.RI "\fIIs the page present in memory? \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBPAGE_WRITABLE\fP   \fBBIT_VALUE\fP (1)"
.br
.RI "\fIIs the page writable? \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBPAGE_NON_PRIVILEGED\fP   \fBBIT_VALUE\fP (2)"
.br
.RI "\fICan the page be accessed from nonprivileged (ring 3) code? \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBPAGE_WRITE_THROUGH\fP   \fBBIT_VALUE\fP (3)"
.br
.RI "\fIIs write-through cache enabled for the page? \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBPAGE_CACHE_DISABLE\fP   \fBBIT_VALUE\fP (4)"
.br
.RI "\fIIs caching completely disabled for this page? \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBPAGE_GLOBAL\fP   \fBBIT_VALUE\fP (8)"
.br
.RI "\fIIs this a global page, shared between all page directories? \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBuint32_t\fP \fBpage_number_t\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA page number. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Page description and functions. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Per Lundberg <per@chaosdev.org> 
.PP
Henrik Hallin <hal@chaosdev.org> 
.PP
Vladimir Sorokin 
.RE
.PP
\fBVersion:\fP
.RS 4
1.0 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
2002-2004
.RE
.PP

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Systemenviroment from the source code.
