.TH "selector_t" 3 "29 Jul 2004" "Systemenviroment" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
selector_t \- A segment selector.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <selectors.h>\fP
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuint16_t\fP \fBRPL\fP: 2"
.br
.RI "\fIRequested Privilege Level (RPL) (Bits 0 and 1). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuint16_t\fP \fBTI\fP: 1"
.br
.RI "\fITI (table indicator) flag (Bit 2). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuint16_t\fP \fBindex\fP: 12"
.br
.RI "\fIIndex (Bits 3 through 15). \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
A segment selector. 

A segment selector is a 16-bit identifier for a segment. It does not point directly to the segment, but instead points to the segment descriptor that defines the segment. 
.PP
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBuint16_t\fP \fBselector_t::RPL\fP"
.PP
Requested Privilege Level (RPL) (Bits 0 and 1). Specifies the privilege level of the selector. The privilege level can range from 0 to 3, with 0 being the most privileged level. Refer to Section 4.5., 'Privilege Levels' in Chapter 4, Protection for a description of the relationship of the RPL to the CPL of the executing program (or task) and the descriptor privilege level (DPL) of the descriptor the segment selector points to. 
.SS "\fBuint16_t\fP \fBselector_t::TI\fP"
.PP
TI (table indicator) flag (Bit 2). Specifies the descriptor table to use: clearing this flag selects the GDT; setting this flag selects the current LDT. 
.SS "\fBuint16_t\fP \fBselector_t::index\fP"
.PP
Index (Bits 3 through 15). Selects one of 8192 descriptors in the GDT or LDT. The processor multiplies the index value by 8 (the number of bytes in a segment descriptor) and adds the result to the base address of the GDT or LDT (from the GDTR or LDTR register, respectively). 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Systemenviroment from the source code.
