.TH "tss_t" 3 "29 Jul 2004" "Systemenviroment" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
tss_t \- A TSS (Task State Segment).  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <tss.h>\fP
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuint16_t\fP \fBprevious_task_link\fP"
.br
.RI "\fICPU data. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBesp0\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStack pointer for PL0 code (system calls). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuint16_t\fP \fBss0\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStack segment for PL0 code (system calls). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBesp1\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStack pointer for PL1 code (unused). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuint16_t\fP \fBss1\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStack segment for PL1 code (unused). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBesp2\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStack pointer for PL2 code (unused). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuint16_t\fP \fBss2\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStack segment for PL2 code (unused). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBcr3\fP"
.br
.RI "\fICR3 (page directory) location. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBeip\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIInstruction pointer. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBeflags\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIProcessor flags. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBeax\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIGeneral purpose register #1. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBecx\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIGeneral purpose register #2. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBedx\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIGeneral purpose register #3. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBebx\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIGeneral purpose register #4. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBesp\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStack pointer. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBebp\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIBase pointer. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBesi\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISource index (for MOVS). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuint32_t\fP \fBedi\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIDestination index (for MOVS). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuint16_t\fP \fBes\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIES segment selector. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuint16_t\fP \fBcs\fP"
.br
.RI "\fICS segment selector. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuint16_t\fP \fBss\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISS segment selector. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuint16_t\fP \fBds\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIDS segment selector. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuint16_t\fP \fBfs\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIFS segment selector. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuint16_t\fP \fBgs\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIGS segment selector. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuint16_t\fP \fBldt_selector\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe selector in the GDT that refers to this process LDT (Local Descriptor Table). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuint16_t\fP \fBiomap_base\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIBase address of I/O map, relative to the TSS location. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBiomap_size\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISize of I/O map. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuint8_t\fP \fBiomap\fP [0]"
.br
.RI "\fII/O map (bit clears means access enabled). \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
A TSS (Task State Segment). 

See the Intel Architecture Software Developer's Manual Volume 3: System Programming Guide for more information about what TSS:s are used for. 
.PP
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBuint16_t\fP \fBtss_t::ldt_selector\fP"
.PP
The selector in the GDT that refers to this process LDT (Local Descriptor Table). We do not use this in stormG3. 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Systemenviroment from the source code.
